u/icer/obj/xitang.c line 25: Undefined variable 'a'
u/icer/obj/xitang.c line 25: parse error
u/icer/obj/xitang.c line 37: parse error
u/icer/obj/xitang.c line 52: Illegal LHS
u/icer/obj/xitang.c line 52: parse error
u/icer/obj/xitang.c line 36: parse error
u/icer/obj/xitang.c line 51: Illegal LHS
u/icer/obj/xitang.c line 51: parse error
u/icer/obj/d.c line 9: parse error
u/icer/obj/d.c line 226: parse error
u/icer/obj/d.c line 228: Illegal LHS
u/icer/obj/d.c line 229: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/icer/obj/d.c line 229: parse error
u/icer/obj/d.c line 241: Illegal LHS
u/icer/obj/d.c line 242: Undefined variable 'arg'
u/icer/obj/d1.c line 353: Undefined variable 'me'
u/icer/obj/d1.c line 396: Undefined variable 'file'
u/icer/obj/d1.c line 440: Undefined variable 'str'
u/icer/obj/d1.c line 466: Undefined variable 'str'
u/icer/obj/d1.c line 466: Undefined variable 'str'
u/icer/obj/d1.c line 531: Warning: clean_up() inherited from both /feature/clean_up.c and /feature/clean_up.c (via /inherit/armor/neck.c); using the definition in /feature/clean_up.c.
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 14: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 15: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/bibi/obj/fire/xiaomao.c line 9: parse error
u/bibi/obj/fire/xiaomao.c line 16: Illegal character constant
u/bibi/obj/fire/xiaomao.c line 16: Illegal character constant
u/bibi/obj/fire/xiaomao.c line 28: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/zhenjing.c line 62: parse error
u/gudu/obj/zhenjing.c line 61: Undefined function query_skill
u/gudu/obj/zhenjing.c line 61: Invalid types to '/' ( unknown vs int )
u/gudu/obj/zhenjing.c line 61: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/lian.c line 21: parse error
u/gudu/obj/lian.c line 36: Illegal LHS
u/gudu/obj/lian.c line 36: parse error
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 2: parse error
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 2: parse error
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 21: Undefined variable 'add_action'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 21: parse error
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 9: parse error
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 15: parse error
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 4: parse error
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 8: Undefined variable 'names'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 11: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 11: parse error
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 7: Undefined variable 'names'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 17: Illegal to redeclare local name 'me'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 17: Undefined variable 'this_player'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 17: Illegal to redeclare local name 'me'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 17: Undefined variable 'this_player'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 32: Undefined variable 'arg'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 17: Undefined variable 'this_player'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 32: Undefined variable 'arg'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 17: Undefined variable 'this_player'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 19: Undefined variable 'ob'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 31: Undefined variable 'arg'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 19: Undefined variable 'ob'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 31: Undefined variable 'arg'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 27: Undefined variable 'ob'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 31: Undefined variable 'arg'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 28: Undefined variable 'ob'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 31: Undefined variable 'arg'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 31: Undefined variable 'ob'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 31: Undefined variable 'arg'
u/tldm/obj/zzw.c line 31: Undefined variable 'arg'
u/gudu/obj/xie.c line 4: Undefined function set_name
u/gudu/obj/xie.c line 5: Undefined function set_weight
u/gudu/obj/xie.c line 7: Undefined function set_default_object
u/gudu/obj/xie.c line 9: Undefined function set
u/gudu/obj/xie.c line 15: Undefined function setup
u/gudu/obj/xie.c line 103: Undefined function query
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: Undefined variable 'book'
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 12: parse error
u/gudu/obj/jinshe-book.c line 29: End of file in string
u/gudu/obj/lian.c line 43: Undefined variable 'force'
u/gudu/obj/lian.c line 43: Undefined variable 'force'
u/gudu/obj/xixibook.c line 11: parse error
u/gudu/obj/gun.c line 81: parse error
u/gudu/obj/gun.c line 81: parse error
u/icer/obj/sgdb.c line 21: parse error
u/icer/obj/sgdb.c line 59: End of file in string
u/icer/obj/sgdb.c line 21: parse error
u/icer/obj/sgdb.c line 60: End of file in string
u/icer/obj/sgdb.c line 43: Undefined variable 'ob'
u/icer/obj/sgdb.c line 43: Undefined variable 'ob'
u/icer/obj/sgdb.c line 58: parse error
u/gudu/obj/lydao.c line 34: Undefined variable 'me'
u/gudu/obj/lydao.c line 34: Undefined variable 'env'
u/gudu/obj/lydao.c line 43: parse error
u/gudu/obj/lydao.c line 32: Undefined variable 'me'
u/gudu/obj/lydao.c line 34: Undefined variable 'env'
u/gudu/obj/lydao.c line 44: parse error
u/gudu/obj/gun.c line 82: Undefined variable 'zixia'
u/gudu/obj/gun.c line 82: Undefined variable 'shengong'
u/gudu/obj/xie.c line 26: parse error
u/gudu/obj/xie.c line 26: parse error
u/gudu/obj/xie.c line 26: parse error
u/gudu/obj/xie.c line 26: parse error
u/gudu/obj/xie.c line 26: parse error
u/gudu/obj/xie.c line 26: parse error
u/gudu/obj/xie.c line 26: parse error
u/bibi/obj/fire/xiaomao.c line 9: parse error
u/bibi/obj/fire/xiaomao.c line 16: Illegal character constant
u/bibi/obj/fire/xiaomao.c line 16: Illegal character constant
u/bibi/obj/fire/xiaomao.c line 28: End of file in string
u/idle/obj/titan1.c line 30: parse error
u/idle/obj/titan1.c line 34: Warning: Value of conditional expression is unused
u/gudu/obj/gun.c line 31: Undefined function init_blade
u/vast/obj/magiccloth.c line 423: Warning: Unknown \ escape.
u/vast/obj/magiccloth.c line 429: Warning: Unknown \ escape.
u/vast/obj/magiccloth.c line 423: Warning: Unknown \ escape.
u/vast/obj/magiccloth.c line 429: Warning: Unknown \ escape.
u/vast/obj/magiccloth.c line 423: Warning: Unknown \ escape.
u/vast/obj/magiccloth.c line 429: Warning: Unknown \ escape.
u/vast/obj/magiccloth.c line 423: Warning: Unknown \ escape.
u/vast/obj/magiccloth.c line 429: Warning: Unknown \ escape.
u/vast/obj/magiccloth.c line 423: Warning: Unknown \ escape.
u/vast/obj/magiccloth.c line 429: Warning: Unknown \ escape.
u/vast/obj/magiccloth.c line 423: Warning: Unknown \ escape.
u/vast/obj/magiccloth.c line 429: Warning: Unknown \ escape.
u/icer/obj/xiangshui.c line 30: parse error
u/icer/obj/xiangshui.c line 51: End of file in string
u/icer/obj/xiangshui.c line 30: parse error
u/icer/obj/xiangshui.c line 51: End of file in string
u/icer/obj/xiangshui.c line 29: parse error
u/icer/obj/xiangshui.c line 29: parse error
u/icer/obj/xiangshui.c line 30: parse error
u/bibi/obj/fire/xiaomao.c line 9: parse error
u/bibi/obj/fire/xiaomao.c line 16: Illegal character constant
u/bibi/obj/fire/xiaomao.c line 16: Illegal character constant
u/bibi/obj/fire/xiaomao.c line 28: End of file in string
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 82: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 101: Illegal LHS
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 101: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 102: Illegal LHS
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 102: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 104: Illegal LHS
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 118: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 136: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 152: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 152: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 152: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 152: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 153: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 153: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 153: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 153: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 153: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 153: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 153: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 153: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 164: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 164: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 164: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 167: Undefined variable 'context'
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 182: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 186: Undefined function fail_notify
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 186: Type of returned value doesn't match function return type ( unknown vs int )
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 188: Undefined variable 'SKILL_USAGE_ATTACK'
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 189: Undefined variable 'SKILL_USAGE_DEFENSE'
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 189: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 189: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 191: Illegal LHS
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 192: Undefined variable 'i'
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 192: Undefined variable 'ob'
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 194: Undefined variable 'obname'
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 189: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 189: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 191: Illegal LHS
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 192: Undefined variable 'i'
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 192: Undefined variable 'ob'
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 194: Undefined variable 'obname'
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 189: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 189: parse error
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 191: Illegal LHS
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 192: Undefined variable 'i'
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 192: Undefined variable 'ob'
u/freecv/obj/frog.c line 194: Undefined variable 'obname'
u/freecv/obj/selfsword.c line 60: Undefined variable 'freecv'
u/freecv/obj/selfsword.c line 78: Undefined variable 'freecv'
u/freecv/obj/selfsword.c line 58: Undefined variable 'obj'
u/freecv/obj/robe.c line 15: Undefined variable 'HIY'
u/freecv/obj/robe.c line 15: parse error
u/freecv/obj/robe.c line 52: Warning: Value of conditional expression is unused
u/freecv/obj/robe.c line 63: parse error
u/freecv/obj/robe.c line 63: parse error
u/freecv/obj/robe.c line 89: Undefined variable 'i'
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 7: Illegal to redefine 'nomask' function "query_weight"
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 7: Illegal to redefine 'nomask' function "_query"
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 7: Illegal to redefine 'nomask' function "_delete"
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 7: Illegal to redefine 'nomask' function "_set"
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 7: Illegal to redefine 'nomask' function "query_encumbrance"
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 7: Illegal to redefine 'nomask' function "over_encumbranced"
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 18: Undefined variable 'HIC'
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 18: parse error
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 33: Illegal LHS
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 33: parse error
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 52: Undefined variable 'name'
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 53: Undefined function offensive_target
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 53: Bad assignment ( object vs unknown ).
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 55: Undefined variable 'martial'
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 57: Undefined variable 'perform_file'
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 54: Undefined function offensive_target
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 54: Bad assignment ( object vs unknown ).
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 55: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 55: parse error
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 56: Undefined variable 'me'
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 56: Illegal LHS
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 57: Undefined variable 'size'
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 57: Undefined variable 'sz'
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 55: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 55: parse error
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 56: Undefined variable 'me'
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 56: Illegal LHS
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 57: Undefined variable 'sizes'
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 57: Undefined variable 'sz'
u/freecv/obj/robe.c line 154: Bad argument 2 to efun present()
u/freecv/obj/ring.c line 44: Undefined variable 'name'
u/freecv/obj/robe.c line 183: Undefined function restore
u/freecv/obj/robe.c line 206: Redeclaration of function restore.
u/freecv/obj/robe.c line 150: parse error
u/freecv/obj/robe.c line 168: Illegal LHS
u/freecv/obj/robe.c line 171: parse error
u/freecv/obj/xtpfm.c line 21: Undefined variable 'TYPE_REGULAR'
u/freecv/obj/bed.c line 49: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/freecv/obj/bed.c line 49: parse error
u/freecv/obj/bed.c line 49: Reserved type name unexpected.
u/freecv/obj/bed.c line 49: parse error
u/freecv/obj/bed.c line 57: parse error
u/freecv/obj/bed.c line 57: $var illegal outside of function pointer.
u/freecv/obj/bed.c line 55: parse error
u/freecv/obj/bed.c line 58: $var illegal outside of function pointer.
u/freecv/obj/bed.c line 55: parse error
u/freecv/obj/bed.c line 58: $var illegal outside of function pointer.
u/icer/obj/bianshendan.c line 12: parse error
u/advent/obj/haagendazs.c line 4: parse error
u/advent/obj/haagendazs.c line 4: parse error
u/advent/obj/puti-zi.c line 46: parse error
u/advent/obj/puti-zi.c line 46: parse error
u/advent/obj/puti-zi.c line 45: parse error
u/advent/obj/shanlw.c line 31: parse error
u/advent/obj/shanlw.c line 31: parse error
u/advent/obj/haagendazs.c line 46: parse error
u/advent/obj/tree77.c line 50: parse error
u/advent/obj/tree77.c line 45: parse error
u/advent/obj/ptz.c line 30: Undefined variable 'max_neili'
u/advent/obj/ptz.c line 31: parse error
u/advent/obj/ptz.c line 30: Undefined variable 'max_neili'
u/iszt/obj/tie-ling.c line 25: Undefined variable 'me'
u/iszt/obj/tie-ling.c line 2: parse error
u/iszt/obj/tie-ling.c line 2: parse error
u/advent/obj/shanlw.c line 31: parse error
u/iszt/obj/peel.c line 68: Undefined variable 'arg'
u/advent/obj/haagendazs.c line 45: parse error
u/iszt/obj/peel.c line 329: Redeclaration of function query_autoload.
u/iszt/obj/advent.c line 171: Warning: clean_up() inherited from both /feature/clean_up.c (via /inherit/weapon/dagger.c) and /feature/clean_up.c; using the definition in /inherit/weapon/dagger.c.
u/iszt/obj/plane.c line 38: Invalid argument types to '+' ( string vs object )
u/whuan/obj/buwawa.c line 5: Cannot #include message.h
u/jpei/obj/yao1.c line 3: Undefined function set_name
u/jpei/obj/yao1.c line 6: Undefined function set
u/jpei/obj/yao1.c line 13: Undefined function set_amount
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 28: Undefined variable 'HIR'
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 28: parse error
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 31: Undefined function unew
u/jpei/obj/yao1.c line 6: parse error
u/jpei/obj/yao1.c line 18: Undefined function set_amount
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 31: Undefined function unew
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 54: Undefined variable 'xx_poison'
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 56: Undefined function add_amount
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 107: Undefined variable 'poison'
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 31: Undefined function unew
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 54: Undefined variable 'xx_poison'
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 56: Undefined function add_amount
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 107: Undefined variable 'poison'
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 30: Undefined function unew
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 52: Undefined variable 'xx_poison'
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 102: Undefined variable 'poison'
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 32: Undefined function unew
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 58: Undefined function add_amount
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 23: Undefined function add_amount
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 32: Undefined function unew
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 23: Undefined function add_amount
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 32: Undefined function unew
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 23: Undefined function add_amount
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 32: Undefined function unew
u/jpei/obj/yao1.c line 6: parse error
u/jpei/obj/yao.h line 32: Undefined function unew
u/jpei/obj/yao1a.c line 24: Cannot #include yaoa.h
u/jpei/obj/yao1a.c line 18: Cannot #include yaoa.h
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 41: Undefined variable 'fire'
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 49: parse error
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 58: Illegal LHS
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 58: parse error
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 63: Illegal LHS
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 67: Illegal LHS
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 49: parse error
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 58: Illegal LHS
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 58: parse error
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 63: Illegal LHS
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 67: Illegal LHS
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 69: Undefined variable 'type'
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 50: Undefined variable 'gift'
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 69: Undefined variable 'CHIENSE_D'
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 69: Undefined variable 'CHIENSE_D'
u/icer/obj/firework.c line 74: Undefined variable 'CHIENSE_D'
u/becool/obj/dpqiang.c line 4: parse error
u/becool/obj/dpqiang.c line 4: parse error
